The term flag is also used to refer to the graphic design employed, and flags have evolved into a general tool for rudimentary signalling and identification, especially in environments where communication is challenging (such as the maritime environment, where semaphore is used).
Many flags fall into groups of similar designs called flag families.[1] The study of flags is known as "vexillology" from the Latin vexillumcode: lat promoted to code: la , meaning "flag" or "banner".
National flags are patriotic symbols with widely varied interpretations that often include strong military associations because of their original and ongoing use for that purpose.
3500 BCE.[3] In antiquity, field signs or standards that can be categorised as vexilloid or "flag-like" were used in warfare, which originated in ancient Egypt or Assyria.[4] Examples include the Sassanid battle standard Derafsh Kaviani, and the standards of the Roman legions such as the eagle of Augustus Caesar's Xth legion and the dragon standard of the Sarmatians; the latter was allowed to fly freely in the wind, carried by a horseman, but depictions suggest that it bore more similarity to an elongated dragon kite than to a simple flag.
Silk flags spread to the Near East from China or it was simply the silk which made the journey to be fashioned by people who had independently arrived at the idea of rectangle clothed attached to a pole.[9] Flags were probably transmitted to Europe via the Muslim world, where plainly coloured flags were being used due to Islamic proscriptions.
Already during the high medieval period, and increasingly during the Late Middle Ages, city states and communes such as those of the Old Swiss Confederacy also began to use flags as field signs.
During the peak of the age of sail, beginning in the early 17th century, it was customary (and later a legal requirement) for ships to fly flags designating their nationality;[10] these flags eventually evolved into the national flags and maritime flags of today.
Some national flags have been particularly inspirational to other nations, countries, or subnational entities in the design of their own flags.
A civil flag is a version of the national flag that is flown by civilians on non-government installations or craft.
Several countries, including the British Army and the Royal Navy (White Ensign) of the United Kingdom (Great Britain) and the Soviet Union have had unique flags flown by their armed forces separately, rather than the national flag.
Other countries' armed forces (such as those of the United States or Switzerland) use their standard national flag; in addition, the U.S. has alongside flags and seals designed from long tradition for each of its six uniformed military services/military sub-departments in the Department of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security.
The Philippines' armed forces may use their standard national flag, but during times of war the flag is turned upside down.
Large versions of the war flag flown on the warships of countries' navies are known as battle ensigns.
In addition, besides flying the national standard or a military services' emblem flag at a military fort, base, station or post and at sea at the stern (rear) or main top mast of a warship, a Naval Jack flag and other maritime flags, pennants and emblems are flown at the bow (front).
Four distinctive African flags currently in the collection of the National Maritime Museum in Britain were flown in action by Itsekiri ships under the control of Nana Olomu during the conflict in the late 19th century.
A courteous, peaceable merchant ship or yacht customarily flies its ensign (in the usual ensign position), together with the flag of whatever nation it is currently visiting at the mast (known as a courtesy flag).
Another category of maritime flag flown by some United States government ships is the distinctive mark.
Today, for example, commissioned ships of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) fly the NOAA flag as a distinctive mark.
Flags are usually rectangular in shape (often in the ratio 2:3, 1:2, or 3:5), but may be of any shape or size that is practical for flying, including square, triangular, or swallow tailed.
The de jure flag of Libya under Muammar Gaddafi, which consisted of a rectangular field of green, was for a long period the only national flag using a single colour and no design or insignia.
However, other historical states have also used flags without designs or insignia, such as the short-lived Soviet Republic of Hungary and the more recent Sultanate of Muscat and Oman, whose flags were both a plain field of red.
Vertical flags are sometimes used in lieu of the standard horizontal flag in central and eastern Europe, particularly in the German-speaking countries.
The vertical flag for hoisting from a horizontal pole (German: Hängeflagge; no.
4) is hoisted from a horizontal pole, normally attached to a building.
5) is firmly attached to a horizontal crossbar from which it is hoisted, either by a vertical pole (no.
Many national flags and other flags include religious symbols such as the cross, the crescent, or a reference to a patron saint.
In Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the Philippines, Ireland and the United Kingdom, a pair of red-yellow flags is used to mark the limits of the bathing area on a beach, usually guarded by surf lifesavers.
When used as wayside signals they usually use the following meanings (exact meanings are set by the individual railroad company):
Very high flagpoles may require more complex support structures than a simple pole, such as a guyed mast.
The current tallest flagpole in the United States (and the tallest flying an American flag) is the 400-foot (120 m) pole completed before Memorial Day 2014 and custom-made with an 11-foot (3.4 m) base in concrete by wind turbine manufacturer Broadwind Energy.
Hoisting the flag is the act of raising the flag on the flagpole.
Raising or lowering flags, especially national flags, usually involves ceremonies and certain sets of rules, depending on the country, and usually involve the performance of a national anthem.
Flag-hoisting ceremonies involving flag-raising squads can be simple or elaborate, involving large numbers of squads.
Elaborate flag-hoisting ceremonies are usually performed on national holidays.
The signalling is performed by an individual using two flags (or lighted wands), the positions of the flags indicating a symbol.
É-momóhto'a'xe.
АПШра тинĕс, суту-илӳ тата çар ялавĕ шутĕнче пĕр ялава кăна усă кураççĕ.
